Mention unused variables removal in ChangeLog.md (#20176)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

- A new settings `TABLE_BASE` was introduced that can be used to place static
  function addresses (table slots) at a certain offset.  This defaults to 1
  which is the previously fixed value. (#20149)

> - Clang's error detection of unused variables improved. As a result, three unused variables were removed. (#20169)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang's error detection of unused variables improved, which may require changes in user code (see #20169).
```

Reviewer: (just to refocus on the impact to users, who are the main people reading this, I think)

Reviewer 2: +1, the important thing is that the change may affect the warnings users see. You could also mention that it's the `-Wunused-variable` warning that got smarter. That way, users would know that they could use `-Wno-unused-variable` to disable the warning if they can't modify the code. (This is also why clang prints the warning flag name along with the warning itself)
